---
title: Experience Design
icon: experience-design.svg
---

# Why you exist.

Anyone can espouse to put the end user first. Few actually make it happen, while
also delivering on the business objectives. We are adamant about cutting to the
chase of the most important experience for your most important customer.

## Discovery

This is a session with client to define the business goals and map the
objectives of the product accordingly. In this session, we seek to fully
understand the business and the target, and challenge assumptions held by our
team and yours. The outcome of this meeting is alignment on the Minimum Viable
Product (MVP). We create an exhaustive list of prioritized features and draw a
line in the sand for the minimum set to deliver value and prove viability in the
marketplace. 

## Flow Architecture

Whether it’s a whiteboard, sketchbook or napkin, we believe in whatever it takes
to get the ideas out quickly to keep the conversation moving. In this phase, we
work with relevant stakeholders/team members to sketch initial ideas for the
overall user experience. We focus on the most important needs for the most
important target groups of the product. This exercise solidifies the team’s
understanding of the MVP and ensures we are capturing all the major use cases,
as well as mapping strategically against business goals. With visual sketching,
we can identify major roadblocks in the experience early and at low cost.

## Sketch

Whether it’s a whiteboard, sketchbook or napkin, we believe in whatever it takes
to get the ideas out quickly to keep the conversation moving. In this phase, we
work with relevant stakeholders/team members to sketch initial ideas for the
overall user experience. We focus on the most important needs for the most
important target groups of the product. This exercise solidifies the team’s
understanding of the MVP and ensures we are capturing all the major use cases,
as well as mapping strategically against business goals. With visual sketching,
we can identify major roadblocks in the experience early and at low cost.

## Prototype

Here, we bring the sketch and user flows to life via higher fidelity and
clickable wire frames. In some cases, we may layer on a bit of brand design just
to make the experience feel dynamic enough to test legitimately with a set of
potential users. The clickable prototype invokes a common ground for
stakeholders, developers and designers to accurately communicate expectations
and generate ideas on something that feels more like a “real product”.
Prototyping leverages desktop, tablet and mobile presentations to fully vet
features in their proper context.

